COMDOX-1650: Roadmap feature updates (#769)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/payment-services/index.mdx

The Payment Services drop-in component renders Payment Services checkout methods (for example credit card and Apple Pay). Shoppers can also see Alternative Payment Methods (APM) when your Adobe Commerce configuration exposes them.

<Aside type="note" title="Test payment on every page that takes money">
A surface is simply a place in the storefront where a shopper can pay, for example, full checkout, the cart page, the mini-cart, the product page, or a one-click express checkout you added. Digital wallets and express pay buttons are not guaranteed to look or behave the same in each of those places, even when the table below marks a method as supported for this drop-in.

Use the table below as the list of methods this drop-in can integrate. Then, in your own project, click through each place you take payment and confirm which methods actually appear. Your theme, blocks, and Adobe Commerce configuration decide what shoppers see. Hosting also matters: Adobe Commerce on Cloud Services and other Adobe Commerce hosting setups do not always return the same methods everywhere, so run your checks in the environment that matches production.
</Aside>

## Supported payment methods

> The following table provides an overview of the payment methods that the Payment Services drop-in supports. When a row lists a `PaymentMethodCode` value, it matches the enum used in code. Alternative Payment Methods depend on what Adobe Commerce returns for your store, so there is no single enum value for every APM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table provides an overview of the payment methods that the Payment Services drop-in supports. When a row lists a `PaymentMethodCode` value, it matches the enum used in code. Local Payment Methods depend on what Adobe Commerce returns for your store, so there is no single enum value for every LPM.
```

| Payment method    | Payment method code | Status                                     |
|-------------------|---------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| Apple Pay         | `APPLE_PAY`         | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" />   |
| Credit/debit card | `CREDIT_CARD`       | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" />   |

> | Alternative Payment Methods (APM) | Not applicable (configured in Adobe Commerce) | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" />   |

Reviewer: we are calling these local payment methods in the ExL guide: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/payment-services/payments-checkout/payments-options#local-payment-methods

> | Alternative Payment Methods (APM) | Not applicable (configured in Adobe Commerce) | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" />   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Local Payment Methods (LPM) | Not applicable (configured in Adobe Commerce) | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" />   |
```
